Release 1.32.0 doc changes (#102)
nginx/unit-docs: source/configuration.rst

:ref:`regex pattern <configuration-routes-matching-patterns>`.

If no MIME types match the request, a 403 "Forbidden" response is

> returned. You can pair that behaviour with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
returned. You can pair that behavior with a
```

Reviewer: Confirm we use EN-US spelling throughout.

WebAssembly
===========

.. tabs::
   :prefix: unit-wasm
   :toc:

   .. tab:: wasm-wasi-component

       First, make sure to install Unit along with the
       :ref:`WebAssembly language module <installation-precomp-pkgs>`.

       Besides the
       :ref:`common options <configuration-apps-common>`,
       you have:

       .. list-table::
          :header-rows: 1

          * - Option
            - Description
          * - **component** (required)
            - String; WebAssembly component pathname, including the **.wasm** extension, for instance: "/var/www/wasm/component.wasm"
          * - **access**

>             - Object;  its only array member, **filesystem**, lists directories to which the application has access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Object;  its only array member, **filesystem**, lists directories the application can access:
```

              .. code-block:: json

                  "access": {
                     "filesystem": [
                        "/tmp/",
                        "/var/tmp/"
                     ]
                  }

       Example:

       .. code-block:: json

          {
            "listeners": {
               "127.0.0.1:8080": {
                  "pass": "applications/wasm"
               }
            },
            "applications": {
               "wasm": {
                  "type": "wasm-wasi-component",
                  "component": "/var/www/app/component.wasm",
                  "access": {
                  "filesystem": [
                     "/tmp/",
                     "/var/tmp/"
                  ]
                  }
               }
            }
          }

       .. note::

>           A good first Rust based project is available at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          A good, first Rust-based project is available at
```

          `sunfishcode/hello-wasi-http <https://github.com/sunfishcode/hello-wasi-http>`__.

>           It also includes all the important steps to get started with WebAssembly, WASI and Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          It also includes all the important steps to get started with WebAssembly, WASI and, Rust.
```

Author: ```suggestion
          It also includes all the important steps to get started with WebAssembly, WASI, and Rust.
```

maybe?

   .. tab:: unit-wasm

       .. warning::
          Unit 1.32 and later support the WebAssembly Component Model and WASI 0.2 APIs.

>           We recommend to use the new implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          We recommend using the new implementation.
```

              `SDK <https://github.com/nginx/unit-wasm/>`__ documentation for details.
              Otherwise, use the name of your custom implementation.

              The runtime calls this handler, providing the address of the
              shared memory block used to pass data in and out the app.
          * - **malloc_handler** (required)
            - String; name of the memory allocator function.  See note above regarding
              language-specific handlers in the official `unit-wasm` package.

              The runtime calls this handler at language module startup to allocate
              the shared memory block used to pass data in and out the app.
          * - **free_handler** (required)
            - String;  name of the memory deallocator function.  See note above regarding
              language-specific handlers in the official `unit-wasm` package.

              The runtime calls this handler at language module shutdown to free
              the shared memory block used to pass data in and out the app.
          * - **access**
            - Object;  its only array member, **filesystem**, lists directories

>               to which the application has access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              the application can access:
```

              .. code-block:: json

                  "access": {
                     "filesystem": [
                        "/tmp/",
                        "/var/tmp/"
                     ]
                  }

          * - **module_init_handler**,
            - String;
              name of the module initilization function.
              If you use Unit with the official :program:`unit-wasm`
              :ref:`package <installation-precomp-pkgs>`,
              the value is language specific;
              see the `SDK <https://github.com/nginx/unit-wasm/>`__
              documentation for details.
              Otherwise, use the name of your custom implementation.

              It is invoked by the WebAssembly language module
              at language module startup,

>               after the WebAssembly module was initialised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              after the WebAssembly module was initialized.
```

           "format": "`${host + ': ' + uri}`"
       }
   }

======================
Conditional access log
======================

.. _conditional-access-log:

The **access_log** can be dynamically turned on and off by using the **if** option:

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Option
      - Description

    * - **if**
      - if the value is empty, 0, false, null, or undefined,
        the logs will not be recorded.

> This feature allows users to specify conditions to control if access log should

Reviewer: suggested rewrite: This feature lets users set conditions to determine whether access logs are recorded.

(I can't add in-line edits because of the line break.)

> This feature allows users to specify conditions to control if access log should
> be recorded. The **if** option supports a string and JavaScript code.

Author: ```suggestion
This feature lets users set conditions to determine whether access logs are 
recorded. The **if** option supports a string and JavaScript code.
```

If its value is empty, 0, false, null, or undefined, the logs will not be
recorded. And the '!' as a prefix inverses the condition.

Example without NJS:

.. code-block:: json

   {
      "access_log": {
         "if": "$cookie_session",
         "path": "..."
      }
   }

All requests using a session cookie named **session** will be logged.

We can add ! to inverse the condition.

.. code-block:: json

   {
      "access_log": {
         "if": "!$cookie_session",
         "path": "..."
      }
   }

> Now, all request without a session cookie will be logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, all requests without a session cookie will be logged.
```
